## **Generator Page / Payment Page**
This small project consists of providing a 10x10 grid filled with random alphabetic characters.
The user can define a character. This character will be used as a weight constant of 20% when filling the grid.

The page will show a Code generated by an algorithm.

The payment page allows the user to add entries to a grid based on inputs and the generated gridcode.


---

## **Initialize Project**

The project consists on a _React Aplication_ and a _Node Express API_.
After _clone_ the repository we should run the npm install on both folders.

---

## **Comments on the Project**
I'm not really used to work with Typescript so it should be some improvement to do.

Styling was not my first priority because of the time. The focus was functionality first. I started with simple class styling before starting to apply bootstrap. Used most bootstrap classes. I'm used to tailwind.

The Project Guide mentioned first a window of 1 second to refresh/update the grid and at the end added a note: "Every 2 seconds the grid needs to be refreshed automatically and a different code will be generated." 
I've followed the last instruction, but I also thought that the note could refer to when the user entered the weighting factor.

To store the Payments Information I used a free MongoDB (Atlas). The server API does the CRUD operation. It's a simple a operation that writes over every time. NoSql databases are not my day-to-day, but I didn't have a test database to use on public environment.

---

## **Live Project**
http://134.122.53.23:3020/
